in order for your core tech and
tourmaster gear to continue to perform
for years to come it is essential to
maintain your gear properly to ensure
long life on the road textile garments
from core tech and tourmaster
utilize several technologies to provide
a safe and enjoyable ride in a wide
variety of conditions these materials
provide abrasion resistance ventilation
or water and wind proofing and may
require special care in order to ensure
your garments last as long as the roads
that lie before you in caring for the
textile garment it is important to begin
by removing the body armor from the
garment textiles must be washed in
low-temperature water using only mild
soaps and avoiding any harsh detergents
bleach or petroleum-based cleaners
textile should be air dried after the
soap is thoroughly removed do not dry
clean or iron riding apparel rug grime
and soil may be removed from your
textile luggage by using a fabric spray
cleaner or mild detergent and lukewarm
water
be sure to pretest all cleaning products
on a hidden area to ensure the product
is compatible with the fabric in the
case of oil and grease stains use a dry
cleaning solvent on the effective area
immediately followed by a fabric spray
or mild detergent and lukewarm water
cleaning leather garments require
specific care please refer to the
product tag before attempting to clean a
leather garment some leather use in our
garments is a hundred percent washable
remember to refer to the product tag for
confirmation and washing instructions
for non washable leather use
commercially available leather cleaners
and conditioners for oil based stains
wipe the area with a clean cloth and
allow the remaining oil to dissipate
into the leather for 24 hours do not use
cleaners conditioners or soap and water
to clean oil stains from leather if the
stain is still visible bring the garment
to a professional leather cleaning
service to ensure the long life of your
leather products we recommend that you
follow a few simple steps avoid extreme
heat and humidity that may damage the
natural oils in the leather avoid
wearing leather and extremely humid or
dry environments this shortens the life
expectancy of your leather garment
if you ride in the winter in areas where
the roads are treated with salt sponging
with clean water and allowing the
product to dry should remove salt
deposits all others should air dry
naturally away from any heat source to
maintain its shape and sizing leather
can be treated annually to maintain
flexibility in proper moisture levels do
not use wax silicone or any other
product that will decrease the leathers
ability to breathe wrinkled leather
garments should be stored on a hanger
storing with creases and folds will
stress the leather and cause permanent
wrinkles in the garment do not store
leather garments in non-breathable
plastic bags this may promote mildew
storing in excessively dry areas or in
direct sunlight reduces the life of your
garment leather bags have more exposure
to road grime and soil than other
Leavitt products and may require more
maintenance we recommend that you wipe
down your bags after every ride to avoid
road grime and soil deposits as with
leather garments luggage should be
cleaned with commercially available
leather cleaners and conditioners for
oral based stains we recommend wiping
the area clean with a cloth and allowing
the oil to dissipate into the leather
for 24 hours if the stain is still
visible bring the garment to a
professional leather cleaning service
clove should always be cleaned with a
sponge or soft cloth and water and dried
with a fresh cloth if clothes become
saturated dry in a well-ventilated area
this will promote the leather to stay
supple and avoid any growth of mold or
mildew caring for your boots is simple
to clean your boots use a sponge or soft
cloth and water dry with a cloth and
check any articulated plastic parts and
lubricate with silicone lubricant if
necessary do not use harsh cleaners
alcohol or solvent based cleaners may
damage the integrity of the equipment
guarding the ankle or heal if boots are
wet dry in a well-ventilated area away
from any heat source or direct sunlight
make sure you store your boots in a well
ventilated dry area to keep the leather
supple and avoid mold or mildew remove
the inserts and soles for booties and
store outside the boot for prolonged
storage stuff newspaper into the boot to
keep their shape